Add ability to download from a different repo (#5)
im-open/download-release-asset: README.md

## Inputs

> | Parameter      | Is Required | Default | Description                                                             |
> | -------------- | ----------- |         | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | `github-token` | true        |         | A token with permission to download assets from repository releases. Provide your own PAT with permissions to your repository if a different org/repo is provided. |
> | `asset-name`   | true        |         | The name of the release asset.                                           |
> | `tag-name`     | true        |         | The tag associated with the release that contains the asset to download. You may also use the tag name "latest". |
> | `repository`   | false       | `github.repository` | organization/repository. If not provided, defaults to the repo where the action is being used. |

Reviewer: This formatting of this table was kind of wonky when rendered.  This suggestion fixes the wonky formatting and has a couple of tweaks to the wording.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2112531/166950152-c7af0ec6-30c6-4a9e-9921-7a84050962c1.png)

```suggestion
| Parameter      | Is Required | Default                                                                             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| -------------- | ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `github-token` | true        | N/A                                                                                 | A token with permission to download assets from repository releases. When downloading from the repository the action is running in `secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN` is sufficient.  If downloading from a separate repo, a different token with permission to that repo should be provided. |
| `asset-name`   | true        | N/A                                                                                 | The name of the release asset.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `tag-name`     | true        | N/A                                                                                 | The tag associated with the release that contains the asset to download. You may also use the tag name `latest`.                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `repository`   | false       | `github.repository`<br/> <i>The organization/repository where the action is run</i> | The organization/repository to download the release asset from.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

> 

Reviewer: I don't have a good place to leave this comment because it didn't change, but the Inputs section of the readme needs to be updated to include the repository argument.  Since this will have a default value, the table will need to be updated with a fourth column (between Is Required and Description) to indicate what the default value is.

>     steps:

Reviewer: Like the comment above I don't have a good place to put this but we need to update the Description for the `github-token` parameter on the Readme.  It needs to indicate that if you are downloading an asset from another repository you need to provide something besides ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }} because that token does not have access to other repositories.  It may seem obvious but we want to put as much info in there as possible to avoid questions.

Author: You wouldn't happen to have a link to your git docs that speaks to creating a github PAT for this scenario?  Something I could include in the description?

>       - name: Download artifacts from release

Reviewer: Since you have two kind of different paths I think we need another example showing what it is like downloading from a different repository.  That would be a good way to show how you use a different pat and provide the repository argument.

>         uses: im-open/download-release-asset@v1.1.0

Reviewer: It doesn't look like you've added a commit message that will bump the minor version.

Author: It is in the PR description.  I am pretty sure that will work once merged.  Are you asking me to instead move it to one of the commits instead?

Reviewer 2: It needs to be in a commit message. `git-version-lite` only looks at the commit log.
